doc: tm_startswith and tm_endswith. (#86)
terramate-io/terramate-docs: cli/reference/functions/tm_endswith.md

---
title: tm_endswith | Functions | Configuration Language
description: The `tm_endswith` returns true if the first string ends with that exact suffix.
---

# `tm_endswith` Function

> `tm_endswith` takes two values: a string to check and a suffix string. The function returns true if the first string ends with that exact suffix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `tm_endswith` function checks if a given string ends with a specified suffix. It accepts two arguments: the string to evaluate and the suffix string. The function returns true if the string ends with the exact suffix provided.
```

```hcl
tm_endswith(string, suffix)
```

## Examples

```sh
tm_endswith("hello world", "world")
true

tm_endswith("hello world", "hello")
false
```

## Related Functions

> * [`tm_startswith`](./tm_startswith.md) takes two values: a string to check and a prefix string. The function returns true if the string begins with that exact prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The [tm_startswith](./tm_startswith.md) function checks if a given string starts with a specified prefix. It accepts two arguments: the string to evaluate and the prefix string. The function returns true if the string begins with the exact prefix provided.
```
